Added a useful link (#2064)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/best-practices/how-we-structure/3-intermediate.md

- **Folders**
  - ✅ **Subdirectories based on business groupings.** Much like the staging layer, we’ll house this layer of models inside their own `intermediate` subfolder. Unlike the staging layer, here we shift towards being business-conformed, splitting our models up into subdirectories not by their source system, but their area of business concern.
- **File names**

>   - `✅ int_[entity]s_[verb]s.sql` - the variety of transformations that can happen inside of the intermediate layer make it harder to dictate strictly how to name them. The best guiding principle is to think about *verbs* (e.g. `pivoted`, `aggregated_to_user`, `joined`, `fanned_out_by_quantity`, `funnel_created`, etc.)  in the intermediate layer. In our example project, we use an intermediate model to pivot payments out to the order grain, so we name our model `int_payments_pivoted_to_orders`. It’s easy for anybody to quickly understand what’s happening in that model, even if they don’t know [SQL](https://www.scaler.com/topics/sql/). That clarity is worth the long file name. It’s important to note that we’ve dropped the double underscores at this layer. In moving towards business conformed concepts, we no longer need to separate a system and an entity and simply reference the unified entity if possible. In cases where you need intermediate models to operate at the source system level (e.g. `int_shopify__orders_summed`, `int_core__orders_summed` which you would later union), you’d preserve the double underscores. Some people like to separate the entity and verbs with double underscores as well. That’s a matter of preference, but in our experience there are often intrinsic connection between entities and verbs in this layer that make that difficult to maintain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `✅ int_[entity]s_[verb]s.sql` - the variety of transformations that can happen inside of the intermediate layer makes it harder to dictate strictly how to name them. The best guiding principle is to think about *verbs* (e.g. `pivoted`, `aggregated_to_user`, `joined`, `fanned_out_by_quantity`, `funnel_created`, etc.)  in the intermediate layer. In our example project, we use an intermediate model to pivot payments out to the order grain, so we name our model `int_payments_pivoted_to_orders`. It’s easy for anybody to quickly understand what’s happening in that model, even if they don’t know [SQL](https://mode.com/sql-tutorial/). That clarity is worth the long file name. It’s important to note that we’ve dropped the double underscores at this layer. In moving towards business-conformed concepts, we no longer need to separate a system and an entity and simply reference the unified entity if possible. In cases where you need intermediate models to operate at the source system level (e.g. `int_shopify__orders_summed`, `int_core__orders_summed` which you would later union), you’d preserve the double underscores. Some people like to separate the entity and verbs with double underscores as well. That’s a matter of preference, but in our experience, there is often an intrinsic connection between entities and verbs in this layer that make that difficult to maintain.
```
